Austin Bodzas

email: abb6499@rit.edu
phone: 908-910-0098
github: github.com/Beaudidly

Available: January - August 2018
Objective: To obtain a cooperative education position as a Software Engineer
    and to expand experience in software development

Education
---------
Raritan Valley Community College - AS Computer Science - Branchburg, NJ - December 2015
    GPA: 3.75
Rochester Institute of Technology - BS Computer Science - Rochester, NY - December 2018
    GPA: 3.70
    Courses: Mechanics of Programming, Concepts of Parallel and Distributed Systems,
    Intro to Computer Science Theory, Intro to Software Engineering, Intro to
    Algorithms, Programming Language Concepts, Professional Communications,
    Principles of Data Management


Experience
----------
L3 Technologies GCS - Software Engineer Co-Op - Victor, NY - January - August 2017
    - Developed embedded software in C for AVR devices
    - Gained experience in C++ development for embedded Linux
    - Worked in-depth with serial communication
    - Created driverinterfaces to ancillary hardware


Skills
------
Languages - C++, C, Python, Java, Latex, JavaScript
Operating Systems - Linux (Arch, Ubuntu), OSX, Windows
Software - SVN, Git, CMake, GNU coreutils, Make, FreeRTOS
Misc. - SPI, I2C, Serial, Oscilliscope operation

Projects
--------
Team Lead for RIT Space Exploration CubeSat Avionics - Fall 2016 - Spring 2017
    Worked as Team Lead forthe Avionics subsystem forthe RIT Space Exploration student faculty research group
    (SPEX). Was responsible for keeping the team on track for planning, designing, and developing software thatruns the
    main computer onboard the cube satellite. The Avionic team’s task was to research the hardware and software
    necessary to control a Cube Satellite in orbit and complete a scientific mission. Gained knowledge on technologies
    such as Real Time operating systems along with the increased challenge of computation in a space environment.

High Altitude Balloon (HAB) Telemetry
    Designed and developed telemetry software for SPEX HAB’s December 2016 launch. Functionalities of the software
    were to log atmospheric pressure, temperature, acceleration,rotation, and magnetic data to an SD card. The project
    was written in C++, connecting to various sensors over serial bus protocols, SPI and I²C. Analysis of the recovered
    telemetry data proved critical to diagnosing a mid-flight mechanical failure.


Current Projects
----------------
Space Dynamics Laboratory Payload challenge
    SPEX is designing the payload, Hyperion, to serve as a rocket black box. Hyperion will also have protective fabric
    landing airbags, similarin concept to those of older Mars rovers. Personal focus forthis project involves
    computational hardware and sensor selection, as well as software design.

Project Lead for MicroHab
    Goals are to minimize the cost and integration time for High Altitude Balloon projects. Roles involved are organizing a
    multidisciplinary team and educating members on embedded software development.